Changelog & upgrade: clarify declarative config + update release date (#4420)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway/changelog.md

  The migration process should automatically convert the regex paths when upgrading from 2.x to 3.0.
  [#9027](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/9027)
* Bumped the version number (`_format_version`) of declarative configuration to `3.0` for changes on `route.path`.

>   Declarative configurations with older versions are upgraded to `3.0` during migrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Declarative configurations using older versions of Kong Gateway are upgraded to `3.0` during migrations.
```
